docs/04-cryptography/02-learning-goals.adoc, before:

=== {learning-goals}

// tag::DE[]
[[LZ-4-1]]
==== LZ 4-1: Dies ist das erste Lernziel in Kapitel 4, das mit xyz

Hier wird beschrieben, was Teilnehmer:innen in diesem Lernziel lernen sollen. Das kann in Prosa-Text
in ganzen Sätzen oder in Aufzählungen mit Unterpunkten erfolgen. Dabei kann auch unterschieden werden,
wie wichtig einzelne Aspekte des Lernziels sind. Es kann hier bereits auf Literatur verwiesen werden.

* Erstes Teilziel
* Zweites Unterthema
* Dritter Aspekt

[[LZ-4-2]]
==== LZ 4-2: Hier ist ein zweites Lernziel in diesem Kapitel
tbd.

// end::DE[]

// tag::EN[]
[[LG-4-1]]
==== LG 4-1: Goals of Cryptography

Participants know the goals of cryptography (Authenticity, Confidentiality and Integrity).
Participants know how a basic cryptographic function works. 

[[LG-4-2]]
==== LG 4-2: Symmetric Cryptography

Participants understand what symmetric cryptography is.
Participants know use cases, advantages and disadvantages of symmetric cryptography.
Participants know examples of recommended symmetric algorithms (e.g. from NIST or BSI).

[[LG-4-3]]
==== LG 4-3: Asymmetric Cryptography

Participants understand what asymmetric cryptography is.
Participants know use cases, advantages and disadvantages of asymmetric cryptography.
Participants know examples of recommended asymmetric algorithms (e.g. from NIST or BSI) and are aware
of the need to future-proof applications for post-quantum attacks.

[[LG-4-4]]
==== LG 4-4: Secure Hashing

Participants understand what a hash function does.
Participants understand quality goals of hash functions (preimage resistance, collision resistance,
uniqueness of output).
Participants know use cases of hashing.
Participants know examples of recommended asymmetric algorithms (e.g. from NIST or BSI).

[[LG-4-5]]
==== LG 4-5: Randomness and Entropy

Participants understand why cryptographically-secure random values are an important cornerstone of
cryptography.
Participants know how random values can be generated through random number generators (RNGs) and 
pseudo-random random number generators (PRNGs).
Participants are aware of common pitfalls, when generating random values.

// end::EN[]

Commit message:

fixup! Add chapter on cryptography
Add additional hashing qualities

docs/04-cryptography/02-learning-goals.adoc, after:

=== {learning-goals}

// tag::DE[]
[[LZ-4-1]]
==== LZ 4-1: Dies ist das erste Lernziel in Kapitel 4, das mit xyz

Hier wird beschrieben, was Teilnehmer:innen in diesem Lernziel lernen sollen. Das kann in Prosa-Text
in ganzen Sätzen oder in Aufzählungen mit Unterpunkten erfolgen. Dabei kann auch unterschieden werden,
wie wichtig einzelne Aspekte des Lernziels sind. Es kann hier bereits auf Literatur verwiesen werden.

* Erstes Teilziel
* Zweites Unterthema
* Dritter Aspekt

[[LZ-4-2]]
==== LZ 4-2: Hier ist ein zweites Lernziel in diesem Kapitel
tbd.

// end::DE[]

// tag::EN[]
[[LG-4-1]]
==== LG 4-1: Goals of Cryptography

Participants know the goals of cryptography (Authenticity, Confidentiality and Integrity).
Participants know how a basic cryptographic function works. 

[[LG-4-2]]
==== LG 4-2: Symmetric Cryptography

Participants understand what symmetric cryptography is.
Participants know use cases, advantages and disadvantages of symmetric cryptography.
Participants know examples of recommended symmetric algorithms (e.g. from NIST or BSI).

[[LG-4-3]]
==== LG 4-3: Asymmetric Cryptography

Participants understand what asymmetric cryptography is.
Participants know use cases, advantages and disadvantages of asymmetric cryptography.
Participants know examples of recommended asymmetric algorithms (e.g. from NIST or BSI) and are aware
of the need to future-proof applications for post-quantum attacks.

[[LG-4-4]]
==== LG 4-4: Secure Hashing

Participants understand what a hash function does.
Participants understand quality goals of hash functions (preimage resistance, second-preimage
resistance, collision resistance, avalanche effect and uniqueness of output).
Participants know use cases of hashing.
Participants know examples of recommended hashing algorithms (e.g. from NIST or BSI).

[[LG-4-5]]
==== LG 4-5: Randomness and Entropy

Participants understand why cryptographically-secure random values are an important cornerstone of
cryptography.
Participants know how random values can be generated through random number generators (RNGs) and 
pseudo-random random number generators (PRNGs).
Participants are aware of common pitfalls, when generating random values.

// end::EN[]
